Update README.md (#41)
signalfx/splunk-otel-react-native: README.md

## Overview

> This library lets you autoinstrument React Native applications. Minimum supported React Native version is 0.67. For using with older versions see here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library lets you autoinstrument React Native applications. Minimum supported React Native version is 0.67.

To instrument applications running on React Native versions lower than 0.67, see [Instrument lower versions](instrument-lower-versions).
```

4. Versions pre 0.67
Opentelemetry-js uses browser fields in package.json to override some platform specific behaviour. Metro doesn't seem to support this in earlier versions so we need to override it ourselves in metro.config.js. Example configuration file:

```js
const defaultResolver = require('metro-resolver');

module.exports = {
  resolver: {
    resolveRequest: (context, realModuleName, platform, moduleName) => {
      const resolved = defaultResolver.resolve(
        {
          ...context,
          resolveRequest: null,
        },
        moduleName,
        platform,
      );

      if (
        resolved.type === 'sourceFile' &&
        resolved.filePath.includes('@opentelemetry')
      ) {
        resolved.filePath = resolved.filePath.replace(
          'platform\\node',
          'platform\\browser',
        );
        return resolved;
      }

      return resolved;
    },
  },
  transformer: {
    getTransformOptions: async () => ({
      transform: {
        experimentalImportSupport: false,
        inlineRequires: true,
      },
    }),
  },
};

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Instrument lower versions

To instrument applications running on React Native versions lower than 0.67, edit your `metro.config.js` file to allow OpenTelemetry to override required fields. For example:

```js
const defaultResolver = require('metro-resolver');

module.exports = {
  resolver: {
    resolveRequest: (context, realModuleName, platform, moduleName) => {
      const resolved = defaultResolver.resolve(
        {
          ...context,
          resolveRequest: null,
        },
        moduleName,
        platform,
      );

      if (
        resolved.type === 'sourceFile' &&
        resolved.filePath.includes('@opentelemetry')
      ) {
        resolved.filePath = resolved.filePath.replace(
          'platform\\node',
          'platform\\browser',
        );
        return resolved;
      }

      return resolved;
    },
  },
  transformer: {
    getTransformOptions: async () => ({
      transform: {
        experimentalImportSupport: false,
        inlineRequires: true,
      },
    }),
  },
};
```
```
